hi i'm danielle Valiente with atmosphere
salon and our topic is how to side-swept
short bangs grab a spray bottle in a
comb one of my best tips that I like to
share when you're styling your bangs is
first section them out but if they've
dried too much before you've gotten the
opportunity to take your dryer and style
them out you want to make sure to Reese
a 8 them re saturating them what that
does is it works out it allows you to
start from a very wet start which allows
you to get more control out of the bangs
so you're not going to get any colics
because you're going to be able to
control them right from the beginning so
we're going to start out with a relaxing
balm which is going to help us control
the bangs and we only need a little bit
we're just going to work the product
into the bangs and if you were drying
your whole head you would do your entire
head with the product first apply it
everywhere next you're going to need
your round brush and blow dryer and the
size of the round brush depends on how
long the bangs are you're working with
this is a large size and we're going to
take the bangs and we're going to start
out drying them straight down and then
from side to side and what that's going
to do is that's going to help us work
out any other colleagues that are in the
hair but also it's going to help give us
a nice swoop to the finish of the bang
couple key points to keep in mind you
want to pay attention to your elevation
so you don't want to be drying them up
here or even here because what's going
to happen is they're going to pop out
you want to keep it nice and flat you
can almost even blow-dry them straight
down at first and then use the round
brush to polish those ends so I'm going
to go ahead and start drying her
so after we finish blow-drying the bangs
you can either detail them with a
finishing spray or a pomade and just
lightly spraying from a distance to give
them a little bit of hold and control
and those are some easy how to's for
side-swept bangs